ESC[1mNAMEESC[m    MODE - UNIE's different modes of operation.

ESC[1mDESCRIPTIONESC[m
        UNIE has four different modes of operation, which it transitions
        between automatically when various commands are invoked by the user:

        INITIAL
                UNIE's base mode of operation. UNIE starts in this mode,
                and will return to it each time it starts up.
        TRANS
                UNIE enters its transformation mode when a term is being 
                transformed. A transformation is initiated using the 
                trans command. UNIE leaves this mode when the user ends a 
                transformation using end-trans.
        SCRIPT
                UNIE enters its script mode when a script is run using the
                run-script or load-script commands. Script mode is exited
                when the last active script is closed by with the exit-script 
                command.

        TRANSCRIPT
                TRANSCRIPT = TRANS + SCRIPT.

        The current mode of operation dictates how UNIE responds to certain 
        commands. For example, navigation commands such as left and right
        are only available during TRANS or TRANSCRIPT mode, as they are used
        to navigate the AST of a term being transformed. Similarly exit-script
        is only available if a script is active i.e., when UNIE is in SCRIPT or
        TRANSCRIPT mode. Some commands are available in all modes of operation, 
        for example, the quit command.

        The information displayed by UNIE also depends on its current mode of 
        operation. In its TRANS or TRANSCRIPT mode, UNIE will display the
        focussed term under transformation, either in isolation from the 
        remainder of the AST, or highlighted in position, depending on the 
        highlighting settings selected by the user. In SCRIPT mode, the active
        script will be displayed at the top of the terminal, along with the
        name of the script command that will be executed next.

        An important point regarding special input. In INITIAL mode, if the 
        user presses the return key without specifying any input, UNIE
        will simply echo an empty line back at them (just as if they were in
        a standard shell). However, when in SCRIPT OR TRANSCRIPT mode, pressing 
        the return key without any input will execute the next script command.

        Note the user cannot manually instruct UNIE to enter a particular
        mode of operation. Rather these transitions should be seen as
        side effects of invoked commands.
   
   
October 2017.